#IDASH2022-Task 4: Secure Record Linkage
(organized by Haixu Tang and Xiaofeng Wang in collaboration with Ruiyu@Meta)

Background:  Record linkage, which aims to link the records from two or more distinct sources, has been commonly adopted in biomedical informatics to link electronic health records (EHRs) of the same patient in different medical institutions, e.g., for building the longitudinal health profile of the patient or for de-duplicating individual records in multiple databases, etc. Due to the concerns of patients’ confidentiality and/or the institutional data sharing policy, the patient records, in particular the identity keys (e.g, the patients’ name, SSN, address, etc), cannot be directly shared with the other party. Therefore, a secure algorithm is needed to achieve record linkage while the protected keys are only shared in their encrypted form. In a typical scenario of secure record linkage, two parties each hold a private data set of patients’ records, and wish to identify the patients shared by both data sets based on the matched identity keys (e.g. first/last name, email, phone number, SSN, address/zip code, birth date, gender, etc). Notably, in practice, the record linkage is non-trivial because 1) keys may be missing, while the others can be inaccurate in both datasets, e.g., the address may be changed, the name may contain typos etc; and 2) one dataset may contain multiple records from the same or very similar (e.g., from the same family) patients. Here, the task is to implement a secure record linkage algorithm for two parties, each holding a private dataset of patients’ records, to identify the shared records using multiple, possibly non-unique, keys without sharing each party’s dataset with the other party in plaintext. We expect the algorithm is scalable to the datasets consisting of millions of records, and does not involve a trusted third party in the computation.

Challenge:  We challenge the participating teams to implement a secure two-party computing algorithm that uses a scoring algorithm based on multiple identity keys to identify matched records. The scoring function should be designed to reflect the different weights of different keys: some keys have deterministic weights if they are not missing (e.g., SSN), while the other keys (e.g., birth dates, email address, etc) have lower weights to depending on their potential errors. The error rate and the probability of missing value for each key will be given in advance. The algorithm will output a list of matched records (IDs) ranked by the scores. The participating teams may consider (but not required) to use the MPC framework developed by Meta (https://github.com/facebookresearch/fbpcf) to implement their solutions.
Input format: A database of patient records (a set of keys) for each party. Each record in either database is assigned to a unique ID, which should only be used in the output. Some of the records have missing data. In some non-rare cases, multiple records share some identity keys (e.g. same first/last name, same address).
Output format: The two parties get a secret-shared list of IDs representing the matched records.

Security requirement:   The two semi-honest parties should learn no extra information except:
1.Number of records in peer’s database
2.Number of matched records
3.Number of missing values for each identity key

Evaluation Criteria:   Each team should submit a single solution. If you plan to submit multiple solutions that use substantially different approaches, please contact the organizers to get approval. All submitted solutions should fulfill the security requirement; otherwise, the submission will be disqualified. The qualified solutions will be ranked based on their accuracy (i.e., outputting the correct list of matched records). For the solutions with the same or very close (i.e., within 0.1% difference), we will evaluate the speed of the algorithm. For detail of the data, please see it in the FAQ. The guideline for submitting your solutions will be available at the website later.

Data and Code Skeleto(Updated at Aug 11, password:iDash2022): [link](https://indiana-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/g/personal/zhu11_iu_edu/EkFJ17EHX59LsO1Ekfc0TPkBi7CipeIHccd4wjb0CRhjzQ?e=qlt6aH)

FAQ: [link](https://www.notion.so/huthvincent/All-you-need-to-know-in-the-Track-4-5f1948397ca246d197c9555a1663f80f)

Output requirement:   Please see it in the FAQ
